Introduction....

Hi, My name is archit gupta. I am pursuing my B.Tech from Maharaja Agrasen Institute of Technology with specialization in information technology. I have a CGPA of 9.1 and i am a technology enthusiast. I have also had the opportunity to work with a variety of technologies, including Python, JavaScript, and React.
I have done my internship from DRDO in 3rd year itself where i worked under the guidance of scientists 'D' and built a website with help of my development skills. I was also a video solution mathematics expert.I contributed more than 300+ video solutions to the organization in both english and hindi language.
I want to contribute my technical accumen to the team that works on scale and creates positive impact on the society.


Explain about DXC Technology....

As per my research DXC Technology is a Fortune 500 global IT services leader. it has more than 130,000 people in 70-plus countries and  are entrusted by  customers to deliver what matters most. It use the power of technology to deliver mission critical IT services that drive business impact. DXC is an employer of choice with strong values, and fosters a culture of inclusion, belonging and corporate citizenship.It also provides services for business process outsourcing, analytics and engineering, applications, security, cloud, IT outsourcing and modern workplace.

Motivates...

My main motivation lies in my past experiences where i felt the need for access of education to each and every student at the minimal cost possible. As i have mentioned in my experience section i contributed 300+ video solution as mathematics expert in both english and hindi languages.

What motivates you to join DXC company?

DXC Technology attracts and retains top talent by providing inclusive and fast-growing opportunities through a digital learning environment that can be accessed anywhere, anytime, on any device. DXC Technology is a great place to start a new employee's career as they provide a great work environment that promotes personal and corporate development. These are some of the reasons why i want to be the part of your organization.

what are your strengths?

My strength lies in learning new things and adaptive to them. Whenever such situation arises when i need to learn new things, I try to succeed in it. 

For eg, when i was in drdo i need to learn new technologies like dbms , sql and operating systems. I adapt to these technologies very quickly and able to complete my project on time. 

What are your weeknesses?

My weakness is that whenever i learn new things sometimes i am much detail-oriented that takes a lot of time which leads to distraction from main work flow.
But i am improving upon it by improving of habits of being too much details-oriented and focus on that part which is essential for the work flow.

Where do you see yourself in next 5 years?

I see myself as an integral part of the company who has helped contribute to the growth and success of the organization. I would like to continue developing my skills and knowledge in order to be able to take on more responsibility within the company. I will also looking forward to take on more leadership roles and mentoring other members of the team by utilizing my experiences.



why do you think that you are suitable for this position?

 I am convinced that I am worthy of this position because I have the will to succeed. I am constantly working to learn the latest technologies.I believe My abilities and skills are well suited for the requirements of this post. Also i believe my communication and leadership qualities makes me suitable candidate for this position.

Job : Associate Professional

How can you contribute to DXC technology?

Job Responsibilities : 

Understand business requirements & support in routine activities to ensure that business solution objectives
are met
• Participate in designing, developing, troubleshooting, and analyzing software programs
• Develop, maintain, test, debug and deploy code as per business requirement & specifications
• Assist in performing administrative responsibilities such as entering information into databases, producing
simple statistical reports and presentations, and taking notes during meetings to document key activities
• Works under moderate guidance with senior team members to provide hands-on first level support to
customers
• Take ownership of assigned task(s) and deliver expected outcome in a timely and efficient manner
• Proactively identify process issues and propose mitigation plan to resolve business challenges
• Continuously upskill/reskill and cross skill to scale up to new technologies